c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp.exe.config
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp.exe
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp.pdb
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ARSoft.Tools.Net.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ClosedXML.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.Excel.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\IPAddressRange.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Client.Policy.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Client.TranslationServices.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.SharePoint.Tools.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.Client.Tenant.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.DocumentManagement.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Publishing.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.Windows.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Search.Applications.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Search.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Taxonomy.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.UserProfiles.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.WorkflowServices.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\WhoisClient.dll
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ARSoft.Tools.Net.xml
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ClosedXML.xml
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.pdb
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.xml
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.Excel.pdb
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.Excel.xml
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\WhoisClient.xml
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\obj\Debug\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp.exe
c:\users\eduardofonseca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\obj\Debug\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp.pdb
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp.exe.config
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\obj\Debug\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp.exe
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\obj\Debug\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp.pdb
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp.exe
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp.pdb
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ARSoft.Tools.Net.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ClosedXML.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.Excel.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\IPAddressRange.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Client.Policy.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Client.TranslationServices.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.SharePoint.Tools.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.Client.Tenant.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.DocumentManagement.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Publishing.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.Windows.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Search.Applications.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Search.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Taxonomy.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.UserProfiles.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.WorkflowServices.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\WhoisClient.dll
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ARSoft.Tools.Net.xml
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ClosedXML.xml
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.pdb
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.xml
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.Excel.pdb
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.Excel.xml
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\bin\Debug\WhoisClient.xml
D:\Eduardo\GIT\DemoDomainChecker\DemoDomainCheckerSln\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp\obj\Debug\DemoDomainCheckerConsoleApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
